{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Martin Piegay\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 I am a young software engineer working in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.zenika.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Zenika
}}}
 Lyon (FR). I code in Java, JavaScript and Golang using several frameworks like Spring or ReactJS \u8230? I feel concerned about quality of code and I do my best to improve it.\line I believe in open-source, I recently contributed to the new reverse proxy {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://traefik.io/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Tr\u230?fik
}}}
.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 June 17 - Today\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Backend Software Development on Linkysup at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.enedis.fr/compteur-communicant"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Enedis
}}}
}; {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.zenika.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Zenika
}}}
 Lyon (FR)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Developing a software for monitoring and remote controlling 35 millions of electricity meters installed at private individuals.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Tech: Java 7, JUnit, AssertJ, Mockito, Spring, ZK, SQL/Oracle, Mybatis, Elasticsearch, Drools, Apache Kafka, Apache Flume, WebLogic, Maven, Git, Jenkins, Bitbucket, Jira, \u8230?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Methodology: Agile Scrum, auto organized team with 6 dev/devops and 5 functional coworkers, experiencing remote working, part of a 60-coworkers project.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Dec. 16 - June 17\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Fullstack Software Development for Gattefosse}; {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.zenika.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Zenika
}}}
 Lyon (FR)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Developing from scratch a business website which allows clients to manage medias, users, products and technical documents.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Backend : Java 8, Spring 4 (Security, Data JPA, MVC), Hibernate, Elasticsearch, JUnit, AssertJ, Mockito, Maven\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Frontend : JavaScript ES6, npm, Webpack, ReactJS with Redux, Jest/Jasmine, SASS, flexbox\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab CMS : Wordpress with custom plugins\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Tech devops : Git, Gitlab with CI, Apache, MySql, Ansible\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Methodology: Agile Scrum, 3 dev, 1 devops, remote clients\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Sept. 16 - Dec. 17\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Fullstack Software Development for Grand Frais}; {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.zenika.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Zenika
}}}
 Lyon (FR)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Developing new features on the business specific software to manage product stock and daily deliveries from warehouse to stores, buying and billing.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Backend : Java 7, Spring 4 (Security, Data JPA, MVC), Hibernate, JUnit, AssertJ, Mockito, Gradle\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Frontend : JavaScript ES5, AngularJS, Jasmine\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Methodology: Agile Scrum, 4/5 dev\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Feb. 15 - Aug. 16\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Golang Development on {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://traefik.io/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Tr\u230?fik
}}}
}; {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://containo.us/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Containous
}}}
 - Lyon (France)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 6-months end-of-courses internship on {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://traefik.io/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Tr\u230?fik
}}}
. Developing 2 packages which provide configuration interfaces for Golang programs:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/containous/flaeg"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Fl\u230?g
}}}
: Dynamic Command Line Interface\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/containous/staert"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
St\u230?rt
}}}
: Reads, Merges and Store configurations\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Tech:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Backend : Golang 1.7\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Tech devops : Git, Github, Travis CI, Docker, Key/Value Distibuted Databases\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Methodology: Open Source Projects, Code Reviews, Pull Requests, Startup\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 January 2015 - May 2015\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Sysadmin development}; {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.savediffusion.fr/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
SAVE Diffusion
}}}
 - Saint-Etienne (France)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Development of a network monitoring service (Shinken/Nagios) for a radio studio network.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Tech : Linux server, network protocols (SNMP, Ping, \u8230?), Shell, Perl and Python scripts.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Methodology: Working in 4 students team. AGILE approach.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Education\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2013 - 2016\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Engineering degree}; {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.telecom-st-etienne.fr/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
T\u233?l\u233?com Saint-\u201?tienne
}}}
 (FR)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\i Specialization in Computer, Network Sciences}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2015 - 2016\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Erasmus student exchange}; {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.cvut.cz/en"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Czech Technical University in Prague
}}}
 (CZ)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\i 1 semester : MSc classes taught in English at the Faculty of Information Technologies}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2011 - 2013\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b 2-year Initial Engineering Course}; {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.telecom-st-etienne.fr/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
T\u233?l\u233?com Saint-\u201?tienne
}}}
 (FR)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\i Double diploma course : Technological Degree in Electronics and Computer Engineering, University Diploma in Initial Cycle of Information Technologies of St-Etienne}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Skills\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Programming Languages\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Java SE/EE 7 & 8, JavaScript ES6, Golang, SQL, HTML5, CSS3\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Backend Frameworks\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Spring(Boot, MVC, Data, Security), JPA, AssertJ, Mockito, ZK, Drools\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Frontend Frameworks\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab ReactJS, Redux, Jasmine/Jest, Fetch API, AngularJS, Bootstrap, SASS\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 DevOps and tools\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Git, Maven, NPM, Docker, MySql, Apache Kafka, Flume, Tomcat, WebLogic\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Jenkins, Github, Gitlab with CI, Bitbucket, Jira, Intellij, Wordpress\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Methodologies\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Agile (Scrum), Code Reviews, Test Driven Development, Pair Programming\sa180\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Others\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Human Languages:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab French (native speaker)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab English (professional)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Hobbies:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Handball\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Mountain(hiking, skiing, biking, climbing)\sa180\sa180\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:martin.piegay@telecom-st-etienne.fr"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
martin.piegay@telecom-st-etienne.fr
}}}
 \u8226? +33 6 25 97 03 83 \u8226? 24 years old\line - Lyon, France\par}
}
