{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 \fmodern Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel0 \b \fs36 Harry Staley\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 staleyh@gmail.com> | +1 (330) 718-1876\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I am a life-long learner with a love for data and the democratization of information that has come to the world with the advent of the Internet. My passion for technology began in 2004 with the development of a database project during a summer internship while finishing my first Bachelor\u8217's Degree. Since that time, I have grown that passion for technology and for how data fuels the engine of modern innovations such as IDS, voice assistants, and autonomous vehicles. Through this journey I have engaged in self-directed learning using tools like MIT Open Courseware, Khan Academy, and Coursera to grow my toolkit of knowlege, skills and abilities. I give back to others by teaching Python and Cyber Security through Udacity and ThriveDX.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 As part of my vision for the democratization of information online, I volunteer on open source software, working with organizations like Benetech: Code Alliance and Techtonica, and mentoring students. For the last 12 years, I have applied my data science and data engineering skills to serve the public through advancing the efficiency of US Army & DoD procurement systems and processes.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b U.S. Army - Civilian Service} | May 2011 - Present\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b {\i Interim Data Team Lead, Data Scientist (ORSA)}} | ODASA(P) | May 2021 - Present\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Delivered decision support tools for senior executive leadership with global scope.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Developed a cross-functional architectural diagram documenting the data pipeline from the point of collection to data warehousing and arrival at analytics platforms in diagrams.net.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Championed Agile methodologies as a best practice to foster a culture of continuous delivery to achieve mission objectives.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Constructed a data team charter aligned to strategic lines of effort.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Cultivated cross-functional relationships with data owners across the DoD to acquire new data sources.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Collaborated with senior Data Scientists to develop an enterprise solution to track acquisitions in support of dynamic OCONUS missions before the addition of a National Interest Action (NIA) code.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Co-leading the Army Data Science Community of Interest.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b {\i Team Member - Acquisition Innovation Through Technology}} | ODASA(P) | Oct 2020 - Apr 2021\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Developed business cases to apply new and emerging technologies such as machine learning, artificial intelligence, and robotic process automation to existing acquisition processes.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Led the project to provide an enterprise analytics capability for the Armys\u8217' Government Purchase Card program.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Conducted research and evaluated technologies to bring structure to unstructured data.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Worked with data owners to procure new data sources for enterprise analytics to use.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b {\i Procurement Systems Analyst, Business Intelligence}} | MICC | May 2011 - May 2021\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Delivered decision support tools for executive leadership with US wide scope.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Developed analytics tools to analyze the largest and most complex Government Purchase Card program in the Army.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Awarded the Civilian Service Achievement Medal for this project.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Mentored ORSA team members on computer science concepts.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Regularly briefed senior leaders as a metrics champion.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Change control board member for several procurement systems.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Lead Instructor} | ThriveDX | Sep 2021 - Present\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Promoted from Associate to Lead in April 2022\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Teaching for several colleges/universities in a highly interactive style to distill technical topics for learners.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Responsible for classroom management, pedagogy, scaffolded learning, and understanding checks.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Focused on building career ready cybersecurity and Python software development professionals.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Full Stack Web Developer (Freelance)} | CraftedTech | Aug 2016 - Oct 2021\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Computer Science and Math Tutor} | Parliament Tutors | Aug 2019 - Apr 2022\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Project Reviewer & Mentor} | Udacity | Aug 2016 - Sep 2018\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Reviewed and adjudicated project submissions based on project rubrics.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Provided constructive feedback on project submissions.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Mentored students as they implemented their projects.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Research Assistant} | Texas A&M University-San Antonio - Cybersecurity | Nov 2017 - May 2018\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Identified additional research that could help minimize attack vectors in secure clouds.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Assisted with research on \u8220"Risk-aware Multi-Objectives Optimized Virtual Machine Placement in Cloud\u8221" under a grant from the Army Research Office.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Full Stack Web Developer (Volunteer)} | Benetech - Code Alliance | Aug 2016 - Dec 2017\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Technical Lead on a high-impact volunteer project helping develop a mature web prototype for Benetech labs.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Improved web presence of Techtonica.org through the use of Python Flask & Jinja templating.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Business Intelligence Developer (Internship)} | USAA | May 2017 - Aug 2017\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Software Engineer / Data Analytics Consultant} | Scholastic | Jun 2009 - Jan 2011\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Education\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b MS, Computer Science} | Georgia Institute of Technology | 2022-Present\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b BS, Computer Science (Summa Cum Laude)} | Texas A&M University-San Antonio | 2019\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b AS, Computer Science/Mathematics (Summa Cum Laude)} | St.\u160?Phillips College | 2017\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b AAS, Business and Marketing} | Ozarks Technical Community College | 2009\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b BA, Youth Ministry/Bible} | Central Bible College | 2007\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Publications\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b A Practice of Detecting Insider Threats within a Network} Advances in Security, Networks, and the Internet of Things | Feb 2021\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Certifications\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b DAWIA Engineering & Technical Management (Practitioner)} | Feb 2022\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b CompTIA Security+} | License COMP001003566872 | Aug 2019\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b CompTIA Network+} | License COMP001003566872 | July 2006\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Security Clearance\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b SECRET} | ACTIVE | Adjudicated Oct.\u160?2015\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Honors and Awards\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Star Note from DASA(P)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Certificate of Appreciation from Gen.\u160?Christine Beeler\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Civilian Service Achievement Medal\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Achievement Medal for Civilian Service x 2\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Challenge Coin from the ASA(ALT)\sa180\par}
}
