{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 \fmodern Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel0 \b \fs36 Eva Pace\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\b she/they} \u8226? {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:eba.pachi@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
eba.pachi@gmail.com
}}}
 \u8226? {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/evaporei"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
GitHub
}}}
 \u8226? {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://linkedin.com/in/evapace"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
LinkedIn
}}}
 \u8226? +55 (11) 97136-6671 \u8226? 24 years old \u8226? S\u227?o Paulo, Brazil\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 Software Engineer with 5 years of experience, currently working with Rust. I\u8217'm very passionate about Computer Science, whenever possible I\u8217'm studing the subject in my free time.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Skills\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Rust - JavaScript - Node.js - WebAssembly - Ethereum - PostgreSQL - MongoDB - Docker - AWS - SQS - Terraform}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 04/2021 - Now\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Rust Engineer, Edge & Node}\line I\u8217'm working to make {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://thegraph.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
The Graph
}}}
 move forward in the decentralization of public data. Delivered features such as:\line - Integration of our first non-EVM compatible chain, NEAR Protocol;\line - Update of our AssemblyScript version, from the oldest to the newest (~2 year change) that required a lot of ABI changes in our runtime code (WASM).\line Most of the code I make here is open source:\line - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/graphprotocol/graph-node"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Rust node that indexes blockchain data and serves it via GraphQL
}}}
;\line - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/graphprotocol/graph-cli"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
JS CLI tool for creating subgraphs
}}}
;\line - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/graphprotocol/graph-ts"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Our AssemblyScript standard library
}}}
.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 07/2020 - 03/2021\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Senior Software Engineer, Magazine Luiza (Luizalabs)}\line I worked at MagaluPay, the company\u8217's digital account, that has over 2 million users. Took part in most of the new integration with the new government instant payments API (PIX).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 10/2017 - 07/2020\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Software Engineer, Pagar.me}\line - Developed multiple features at the core payments API;\line - Developed the payment link product;\line - Took front in a project that we had to interpret and parse payments terminal commands using Rust, FFI and WebAssembly.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 04/2017 - 09/2017\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Junior Software Engineer, FCamara}\line I worked at LinkApi, a startup that is an application integration tool, much like {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://zapier.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Zapier
}}}
. I did a lot of integration with multiple third party APIs, mostly REST and SOAP.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Extra-curricular Activities\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 12/2021\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Talk: How allocating zero bytes can be useful to remove lazyness}; GambiConf (Brazil, remote)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\i Talk about a workaround done at The Graph to make an AssemblyScript compiler internal lazy variable be evaluated eagerly. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/evaporei/gambi-talk"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Slides link
}}}
.}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 11/2020\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Podcast: Rust}; TOTVS (Brazil, remote)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\i Guest on a podcast about Rust. We talked about the advantages and disadvantages of the language and ecosystem. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.buzzsprout.com/774398/6533485-totvs-developers-21-rust"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Podcast link
}}}
.}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 10/2020\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Talk: Transistor, a bitemporal database client}; Rust Lab (Italy, remote)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\i Talk about Transistor, a Rust Crux client, which is a Clojure Bitemporal Database. We also had to develop a whole ecosystem to support Clojure\u8217's EDN. I did it with my friend Julia Naomi. Github project links: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/naomijub/transistor"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
transistor
}}}
, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/naomijub/edn-rs"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
edn-rs
}}}
 and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/evaporei/edn-derive"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
edn-derive
}}}
}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 03/2019\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Talk: Interop with Android, IOS and WASM in the same project}; Rust LATAM (Uruguay)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\i Talk about how we did a Rust library at Pagar.me which had to be compiled to Android, iOS and WASM at the same time. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W-HUyTwV4LA"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
YouTube video link
}}}
. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/evaporei/doom-fire-interop"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Github project link
}}}
}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 12/2015\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Christmas Volunteer Work}; FIAP (S\u227?o Paulo)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\i We took care of a large group of needy kids at Christmas, gave them presents, snacks and played with them.}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Education\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 11/2019\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b College Course, Purely Functional Data Structures}; UFABC (Santo Andr\u233?)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 08/2019\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b College Course, Category Theory}; UFABC (Santo Andr\u233?)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 01/2015 - 12/2016\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Associate Degree, Analysis and Systems Development}; FIAP (S\u227?o Paulo)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Languages\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Portuguese (native speaker)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab English (highly proficient)\sa180\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
}
